As long as I live
This trash will never enter my Shen family
Bengbu
Qianyao, have you forgotten?
We sink
Why is home where it is today?
It's all because of him
If it weren't for his trash
We have already flown to the branches and become phoenixes
Mom extraordinary
he
But he helped our Shen family get billions of contracts
What about the order?
That's what he should do.
Did your father die in vain?
I have something to do
Just go first
Wait a minute.
I'll send it to you.
What to send
You hurry up and lie down for me
About the Zhang family
I call out the roll call
Tell me about it.
It is the power left by the beast that is being advertised
The forces behind the Zhang family
It has a lot to do with the beast
Sure enough, the murderer
Is there any other news?
You think it's that easy to get information
The beast is involved in the Primordial Forbidden Land
We finally got this news.
Is it so easy to get other information?
The news you know
I can find out at will
Ye Feifan, you really don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Do you think the Forbidden Land is your home?
What to pack
Adults are making trouble behind the back
This is the subordinate of the murderer Qiongqi
And there's one more thing.